[Draft] Docs: Update layouts documentation for readability (#496)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/layouts.md

# How to use layouts

> The [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] model accepts a `layout` argument so that you can supply it with a custom grid. This guide shows how to use [`Layout`][vizro.models.Layout] to arrange charts and components on the screen so you can customize the grid specifications.

Reviewer: Feel free to rephrase, but I think the order is a bit confusing here. What the user needs to understand:
1. Use layout to arrange charts and components as you like
2. Use the grid argument of the layout to customise the arrangement

```suggestion
The [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] model accepts a `layout` argument that allows for custom arrangement of charts and components on the screen. This guide shows how to customize the grid sepcifications in the [`Layout`][vizro.models.Layout].
```

## Configure the grid
To customize the grid arrangement, configure the `grid` parameter of the [`Layout`][vizro.models.Layout] model.

The example below shows an example of a valid `grid`:

```python title="Basic example"
grid = [[0, 1],
        [0, 2]]
```

- The `grid` must be provided as `List[List[int]]` (for example, `grid = [[0, 1], [0, 2]]`).
- The integers in the `grid` must be consecutive integers starting with 0 (for example, `0`, `1`, `2`).
    - The integers correspond to the index of the chart/component inside the list of `components` provided to [`Page`][vizro.models.Page].
    - The number of integers in the `grid` needs to match the number of chart/components provided.
- Each sub-list corresponds to a grid row (in the example above, row 1 = `[0, 1]` and row 2 = `[0, 2]`)
- Each element inside the sub-list corresponds to a grid column (for example, column 1 = `[0, 0]` and column 2 = `[1, 2]`)

> - Each chart/component will take the entire space of its grid area (spaces are not enabled).
> - The area spanned by a chart/component in the grid must be rectangular.
> - The grid can be arbitrarily large, allowing arbitrarily granular control of the grid.

Reviewer: Spaces are enabled now! The users have to provide -1 to create empty spaces 👍 

```suggestion
- Each chart/component will take the entire space of its grid area.
- The area spanned by a chart/component in the grid must be rectangular.
- The grid can be arbitrarily large, allowing arbitrarily granular control of the grid.
- Empty spaces can be added via providing `-1` in the allocated grid space
```

Author: That confused me later on the page, and makes sense now you say they're enabled. I'll delete this or, rather, rephrase it.

## Vertical and horizontal stacking
As described above, when no `Layout` is specified, components are presented **vertically** as a single-column stack. If you have three components, the default `Layout.grid` will be as follows:

> ```python title="Default grid"
> grid = [[0], [1], [2]]
> ```

Reviewer: I know this formatting is a bit ugly, but I think it helps to understand the grid layout
```suggestion
```python title="Default grid"
grid = [
             [0], 
             [1],
             [2]
       ]
```
```

> Th layout has three equally sized rows, each containing a component spanning the entire width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layout has three equally sized rows, each containing a component spanning the entire width.
```

    [GridAdv]: ../../assets/user_guides/layout/grid_advanced.png

## Custom layout examples

> Here is a reference table of examples layouts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a reference table of example layouts:
```
